Some of the greatest joys we experience in life are as a result of a happy family life
But living in these hectic last days
Achieving such happiness is very difficult
The governing body deeply appreciates you hard-working parents and all that you're doing to try to help your children find a rich satisfying life
As a parent I remember the challenge we faced
Trying to develop love for Jehovah in the hearts of our two little boys
We use the tools available the Bible watched our articles and then in 1978 how thrilled we were to receive
My book of Bible stories what a godsend this proof to be
Over the years the governing body has provided many additional teaching aids to help our young ones and we have no intention of stopping there
It is a fact that
Animated videos capture the interest of little ones and can be a powerful teaching tool
Hence it's my privilege on behalf of the governing body to introduce to you a new animated video series entitled
Be Comja Hova's Friend
This is just a preview of what we have in store for you in the future
Children can learn so much during their formative years
Lessons they learn at a very young age can make an impression that lasts a lifetime
It is our prayer that this new series will help your children to learn to make God's heart rejoice
We love you very much
But our love for you is just a reflection of Jehovah's great love for you and your little ones
May they learn
Develop and grow to become Jehovah's Friend